[music]
>> Pushkin
On a recent snowy day, I took my 4 and
1/2-year-old to a movie theater on
Manhattan's Upper West Side.
This was only her second time ever at
the movies.
She was very excited.
I bought her a large tub of popcorn.
The theater was crowded.
We were there to see Disney's Zootopia
2, a film that is now the
highest-grossing animated movie of all
time.
We sat enraptured for the better part of
2 hours. And at the end, she turned to
me and said, "Thank you, Daddy." And I
said to her, "Oh,
this wasn't for you.
This was for me.
I'm on assignment."
My name is Malcolm Gladwell. You're
listening to Revisionist History, my
podcast about things overlooked and
misunderstood.
The story I'm about to tell you is the
strangest Hollywood story you have ever
heard. It makes no sense. It invites all
manner of absurd speculation. It's going
to take us [music] two episodes to
unravel it, and even then your mind will
be in such a swirl that you will almost
certainly feel compelled to see Zootopia
2 for yourself. [music]
And if you've already seen it, to grab
any one of your available children
and see it again.
And to whisper under your breath when
you think your little companion isn't
listening,
WTF?
All of this started when we got a call
from Angus Fletcher saying a friend of
his needed to speak to me. It was
urgent. The friend had a story to tell.
A story with so many layers, the friend
said, that there was no way to do it
justice in a single episode. Two,
minimum.
For future reference, if you need to get
my attention, this is the way to do it.
All right, can you hear me? There you
are. Okay.
>> Gary Angus.
The gang is back together.
Right away, I hopped on a Zoom with the
two of them. If you want, I mean, I can
tell you how the story started and then
Gary, you want to you want to
>> Hey Gary. So, okay. All right, jump in.
If you are a long-time listener of
Revisionist History, you will know the
name Angus Fletcher.
He's an English professor at Ohio State
and runs their narrative project. I love
Angus. I think Angus is a genius. Angus
has been featured on more Revisionist
History episodes than anyone else. Our
three-part rewrite of The Little
Mermaid, In Defense of Paw Patrol, and
and this is relevant to the story I'm
about to tell you, we did a series of
episodes a few years back called
Development Hell,
where we interviewed screenwriters about
their best idea that never made it to
the screen.
And then Angus came on to talk about an
absolutely bananas sci-fi project he
worked on with a good friend of his,
the Hollywood screenwriter
Gary Goldman.
And during that episode, I concluded
that not only is Angus a genius, but
Gary is a genius, too.
Anyway,
back to the matter at hand. So,
basically,
I get a phone call from Gary and Gary
and I are old friends. We've worked
together on a bunch of screenwriting
projects. Gary is one of the most famous
and eminent screenwriters in Hollywood.
If you love the end to Total Recall, you
can thank Gary for that.
>> [music]
>> Gary Goldman grew up in the South. He
was a protégé of the novelist Walker
Percy, went to Brandeis, spent some time
working in a hospital in Israel during
the Yom Kippur War, ended up in a
Hollywood, and has worked with everyone.
Paul Verhoeven, James Cameron, Ridley
Scott, David Fincher, Steven Spielberg.
So, Gary calls me up and he goes,
[music] "Angus, have you seen Disney's
latest movie?" Here Angus is referring
to the first Zootopia [music] film.
Which came out in 2016. Featuring a
rabbit named Judy Hopps and a con artist
fox named Nick Wilde. Who live in a
world inhabited entirely by animals.
And who have to work together to solve a
mystery involving the disappearance of
predators. [music]
It's very good. Zootopia,
a gleaming city.
Where animals of all breeds, predator
and prey alike, live together in peace
and harmony.
Zootopia did very well. It grossed a
zillion dollars and won the Oscar for
best animated feature.
Gary watched all this success closely.
And it's a big deal. I mean, it's a big
family event. I can send you the
pictures of us drinking champagne when
Zootopia won won the Academy Award. I
mean, this is our lost daughter who
Yeah. Yeah. who's doing great. Why was
this such a big deal for Gary?
Here's what he told Angus.
And so he tells me this story of how he
goes into Disney, how he pitched them
this idea, how he wrote it down on a
physical document which he gave to
Disney. And he goes, "I think they might
have stolen my idea."
I said, "What's on this document?" And
Gary goes to me, "Okay. Well, in my
pitch it says,
'When you grow up,
quote,
if you want to be an elephant,
you can be an elephant.'
And in Disney's movie
>> [music]
>> it says, quote, 'You want to be an
elephant when you grow up?
You can be an elephant.' And in Gary's
pitch it says, 'This is going to take
place in a land where, quote, an animal
can be whatever it wants to be.' And in
Disney's movie it says, 'This is going
to take place in a land where, quote,
anybody can be anything.' And then I say
to Gary, 'What is this land?' And Gary
says to me, 'In my pitch it's called
Zootopia.' And amazingly, in the Disney
movie, it's called
Zootopia. Wait, okay, so there's so many
things to to to to to pick up on. Gary,
take me back to the beginning about the
origins of this idea of a movie called
Zootopia. What what what period of time
are we talking about here?
2000. 2000. Yeah.
>> [snorts]
>> I have two sons, and my sons were, I
don't know, four and six.
And, you know, at that time you start
thinking about, oh, what can I do
creatively that my kids can relate to?
Um, and um, so I came up in under
interesting very specific circumstances
with the idea for Zootopia. And I'll
tell you, when I came up with the word
Zootopia,
I was elated, and I ran into my house,
and I ran upstairs, and I talked to my
wife. I said, "You're not going to
believe this. I've got the most
incredible title. I've got the most
incredible idea. It's called Zootopia."
And she said, "Oh, I don't know. I don't
think it's such a good idea." I said,
"Oh, I said, "Trust me. Trust me. It's
really It's a really good name. In fact,
we can't say this word in front of the
kids.
Because if we say this word in front of
the kids, they're going to go to school,
and a lot of their the parents of these
kids are in show business, and then the
word is going to get out, and it's very
hard to protect a title."
Yeah. So we just have to keep full of
secrecy. Yeah, we had to keep it secret.
Fast forward nine years. Goldman's doing
a project with a comic book legend, Stan
Lee, for Disney.
And he goes to the Disney exec he's
working with, and he says, "I have this
idea." Gives them an eight-page outline
of the concept. It's called Looney.
It's about an animator who creates an
animal world called Zootopia.
He has drawings of the animals who are
going to inhabit the Zootopia world.
Roscoe, the hyena, who is cynical and
obnoxious. His sidekick Mimi, the
squirrel, who is cute and curvaceous and
optimistic. Goldman thinks that this is
the best idea he's ever had for a movie,
and Angus agrees. So, first of all, I
just want to point out that you have the
writer of Total Recall, which is
generally considered to be one of the
greatest stories of all time, telling
you that Total Recall is nothing
compared to Zootopia. That should give
you some indication. And, you know, Gary
is legitimately a story genius. Why is
Zootopia so good? Well, because what
you're really trying to do with a story
is not just create a plot, you're trying
to create a world. Yeah. That's why Star
Wars is so brilliant, because
the movie, great. But, really what you
want is you want to wander around with
lightsabers and Darth Vader and the
Force and the Jedi and Leia and all that
kind of stuff. And Zootopia is exactly
the same thing. Zootopia is a mythic
universe. When Gary first told me this,
he sent me a a basically a Bible, which
went on for, you know, hundreds and
hundreds of slides explaining to me all
the sort of like complex mythography
behind Zootopia. So, I'm not going to
pretend to be able to kind of expound
that to you here. It was like having a
conversation with like Joseph Campbell
or something. But, basically, the point
is is that you have an entire universe
in which these animals
are there to
expose the lie that you can be whatever
it is that you want to be. I mean,
that's basically the twist is that we
are all told these fables in America
growing up, which is you can be whatever
you want to be.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Gary? Yeah. Well, the idea here is that
all of us tell our kids pretty much, or
you have to decide whether or not to
tell your kid, you can be whatever you
want to be when you grow up.
And [snorts and clears throat] you
there's enormous pressure to say it,
even though we know as adults that's not
exactly true. That's really kind of
magical thinking masquerading as good
advice.
So, do you want to send your kids out
into the world knowing nothing except
you can be whatever you want to be and
then you just go out there and try try
try try try and then you encounter real
life and you're not prepared for it.
On the other hand, if you don't teach
your kids that, they're going to be
totally out-competed by all the other
kids in this in the class who have been
told they can be whatever they want to
be.
So, I wanted to
basically surround this these cliches of
conventional wisdom with ridiculous zany
cautionary tales about animals who were
told they can be whatever they want to
be and basically encounter the
constraints that all of us encounter in
life.
The world where all this took place was
Zootopia.
Gary takes his idea to the executive
he's working with at Disney. The
executive, according to Goldman,
basically says, "This is interesting.
Should I give it to the folks over to
animation?" I said, "Submit it."
He said, "Okay."
And I got my papers together and I put
it in the portfolio and I handed it to
him.
And then I hear from my agent they
passed, you know, they're
I that's all. They passed. Six years go
by and then one day Gary gets a call
from one of his sons.
Both of my sons are in the car together.
They said,
they said, "Dad, we're driving down the
freeway and we see a billboard and
you're not going to believe it, but it
has your loony characters on it."
I said, "My loony characters, what are
you talking about?" He says, "Yeah, you
know, your your your your
these it's a giant billboard and it's
got your characters on it."
And I said, "That's it
What's the name of the movie?" And he
says,
"Zootopia."
And he'd never heard the word Zootopia.
He called me up to tell me that he'd
seen my loony characters.
So,
>> [laughter and snorts]
>> I would you know, I did I was
flabbergasted, obviously.
The Goldmans go and sees Zootopia
[music] at the Grove in Los Angeles.
They can't believe it.
As far as Gary can tell, his character
Roscoe, the cynical, obnoxious hyena,
has been turned into Nick Wilde, the
cynical, obnoxious fox, and his
optimistic, curvaceous squirrel, Mimi,
has become the optimistic, [music]
curvaceous rabbit,
Judy Hopps.
Goldman gets one of the biggest and
baddest of law firms, Quinn Emanuel,
[music] to represent him.
Quinn Emanuel does not usually take
suits like this,
but for Gary, they make an exception.
That's how compelling his case seems.
So, Quinn Emanuel files a lawsuit
claiming copyright [music] infringement.
The case goes on for 7 years. Everyone
who is anyone at Disney is deposed.
[music]
And what's Disney's defense? Is it they
never saw it? Yes, they never saw it.
Cuz so they're claiming this is a series
of incredible coincidences. That's
right.
>> Yeah, yeah, they're calling it
independent independent creation. Just
like I independently created Mickey
Mouse the other day. Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> And what happens?
Goldman [music] loses. He appeals, loses
again. He switches to state court,
loses. The courts find that the
similarities [music] between Gary's idea
and Zootopia didn't look like copyright
infringement. And the case is dismissed
before the courts ever get to the
question
>> [music]
>> of whether Disney actually used
Goldman's pitch.
So, the Goldmans give up the fight.
Yeah.
Now,
there are a million things to say here.
The first is that it isn't surprising
that Goldman loses his copyright case
against Disney.
It's almost impossible under current
case law for a writer to win a case like
this against a studio. In one analysis,
two Los Angeles lawyers looked at over
50 copyright infringement cases writers
brought against Hollywood studios. And
in every case,
the plaintiff lost.
The law basically says you have to show
that your work was copied word for word.
And of course, you can steal someone's
idea without copying it word for word. I
could go on and on about this, but I
won't. Because what matters is what
happens next.
Then Gary calls me up a few months ago
and he says, "Angus, have you seen the
sequel to Zootopia?" And I said, "No,
Gary, I have not. What happens in the
sequel to Zootopia?" Exactly. That's the
question. What happens in the sequel to
Zootopia?
>> [music]
>> Everyone has a theory. Why do you think
I dragged my daughter to see Zootopia 2?
Because I have a theory. Gary Goldman
has a theory. The team of movie buffs
and literary analysts we put on the case
have a theory.
You will have a theory, too, once you
finish listening.
And why does everyone have a theory?
Because there's absolutely something
weird going on with Zootopia 2
that requires theory.
That's after the [music] break.
At what point do you hear that there's a
sequel in the works?
I mean, it takes years and years to make
these movies. I mean, they were making
beginning to make the sequel while we
were still involved in the lawsuit.
We're back with Angus Fletcher and Gary
Goldman, and the sensitive topic of the
sequel has finally come up.
Oh, it's really interesting because the
main character in the sequel to Zootopia
is called Gary the snake.
The sequel's central character
is a snake called
Gary the snake. And I thought, well,
that's obviously they're just planning
to you know cuz don't make it don't make
a character a snake
unless you're planning to I mean
according to
>> thought when you heard of this character
Gary the snake is that it was a tackling
as a personal tackle on me.
Now, of course, this could just be a
coincidence. Gary is a common name.
There are lots of Gary's in the world.
So maybe it makes sense that there
should be lots of snakes named Gary as
well.
This is essentially what the Zootopia 2
screenwriter said in a publicity
interview with the New York Times.
He's named Gary because I think Gary is
a hilarious name. I apologize to the
Gary's of the world. But multiple times
over the years when I've been writing a
nice guy character, it's Gary.
But needless to say, the Goldman family,
fresh off 7 years of legal hell, do not
see things this way.
Who gets the angriest among all the
Goldmans? Who gets the angriest? Oh,
well, my younger son. I don't I can't
show you but I'm in my office and
there's a door that has a broken hinge.
Uh
which was when he punched the door in
anger
after one of these rulings.
The repository of Goldman anger Yes.
>> is in the youngest son. You know Do you
know what this the psychological
principle here is called transactive
memory? You know how in families Yes. we
store our memories in other members of
our family. That's why the family unit
is so powerful.
Yes. But you guys have transactive
anger.
So you hear about this
and you think you have a sense of
foreboding.
And
where do you see When did you go see
Zootopia 2 in the theater?
Oh, the the day before it opened. I
mean, we tried to sneak you know we
tried to get tickets to screening.
>> They wouldn't even give you a ticket to
the premiere?
Oh, no. No, no, they don't talk to me. I
mean, I'm
No, no. No, no, I didn't ask for We're
not in touch. The whole Goldman family,
Gary, his wife Judy, their two grown
sons, gather at a movie theater in
Dublin, California, just east of San
Francisco. So, we go there, we're
sitting, and we watch as this story
unfolds, and my wife says,
"He looks like you." I said, "What are
you talking about? This snake looks like
me." She says, "Yeah, yeah, don't you
see?" She's an artist. And so, she says,
"Yeah, I I can see how the I think they
you know." In any case, she thinks Gary
the snake looks like me.
Now, does Gary the snake really look
like Gary Goldman? Or is this just the
Goldmans being paranoid?
Well, let me describe Gary Goldman. He's
72. He has large, expressive eyes, a
self-effacing, understated manner. I
mean, you've heard him speak. Match that
voice to your mental image of your
kindly uncle.
And what is Gary the snake? Weirdly, a
nice snake, a sweetheart snake.
Large, expressive eyes,
a self-effacing, understated [music]
manner, middle-aged, with one fang
instead of two, conceptually defanged,
as the middle-aged so often are.
Oh.
Gary. Gary the snake. And your last
name? The snake.
Everything is going to be okay.
Gary says that after the movie came out,
all kinds of people texted him to say,
"Gary, the snake looks just like you."
And when I went to see Zootopia 2 with
my daughter, right after I'd interviewed
Gary, that was my first thought as well.
Good lord, it's the same guy. Oh.
So,
but Gary doesn't have bad teeth. So, the
the the
the fang was a metaphor, but but yeah,
yeah, I'm so Gary is this Gary the snake
is sweet, his eyebrows kind of go up a
little bit, his eyes kind of droop a
little bit. I called up Goldman's
lawyer, Debra Druze.
I I I mean
this is going to sound ridiculous. The
snake kind of looks Jewish. Yes, the
snake looks Jewish. 100%.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
So, I mean
I'm Jewish, so now um
Uh uh anyway,
yes, I did think the snake looked Jewish
and I thought
the way he behaved and the way he moved,
Gary Goldman's a sweet He's a sweet guy.
So, every once in a while that just that
southern charm and there's a little
you know, like when you're playing a
stringed instrument and bend the string
and it gives you a little gives you a
little twang.
That's Gary, you know.
Um charming, sweet.
So, yeah, that
that was that was Gary the snake. I
mean, that was clear to me. And I think
it probably is clear to the people who
worked on both films, just saying.
Oh, by the way, a good chunk of the
movie takes place in a swampy coastal
area called Marsh Market.
And I'm quoting now from a review of the
movie.
Marsh Market could well be the Zootopia
equivalent of New Orleans.
Everybody thinks this. Here's the LA
Times critic Matt Brennan interviewing
the screenwriter and director of
Zootopia before the movie came out. That
you mentioned Marsh Market and I have to
say as a longtime New Orleanian, I loved
seeing a Zootopia version of a bayou.
Mhm.
Why does all this matter? Because Gary
Goldman is from New Orleans and because
Gary Goldman is Jewish.
>> [music]
>> But still, I know what you're thinking.
We haven't yet crossed over
into scandal.
That's after the break.
>> Screenwriters put caricatures of real
people in movies all the time.
Many people believe, for example, that
Dr. Evil in the Austin Powers movies is
Lorne Michaels, the creator of Saturday
Night Live.
The villain of Ian Fleming's James Bond
thriller Goldfinger, rumor has it, was
based on the modernist architect Ernő
Goldfinger, who Fleming was feuding with
at the time because Goldfinger built an
incredibly ugly house down the road from
him.
So, what?
If the Walt Disney Company wants to make
a movie about a middle-aged Jewish snake
named Gary from New Orleans,
that's not a crime.
But now,
we get to the heart of the issue,
which is what is Zootopia 2 really
about? Well, it's a movie about
intellectual property. Zootopia exists
because of incredibly sophisticated
weather walls that make it possible for
animals from all over the world to live
in one place. The walls were invented by
Agnes the snake, Gary's
great-grandmother, who wanted to build a
world where all animals could live in
harmony.
But her patent was stolen by the evil
Lynxes who runs Zootopia. Big, chubby,
evil Lynxes. Literally corporate fat
cats.
Listen to how Paw Paw Lynxley describes
his family's scheme. But when my
great-grandfather saw what her idea
could be worth,
he plotted to steal her plans for
himself. The Lynxes then cast all the
reptiles out of Zootopia to keep their
theft a secret.
And the plot of the movie involves the
intrepid team of Judy Hopps and Nick
Wilde teaming up with Gary the snake to
get the patent back, restore the snake
family's good name, and bring reptiles
back into the city of Zootopia.
The whole plot of Zootopia 2, the entire
movie,
is about repairing the damage done by
the theft of intellectual property.
Snakes aren't the bad guys. I have to
set things right, and when I do, my
family will finally be able to come
home.
So,
to recap,
just as the Walt Disney company emerges
from a bruising 7-year legal battle in
which a Jewish man from Louisiana named
Gary claimed that he invented Zootopia
and had his idea stolen by the corporate
fat cats at the Walt Disney company,
the Walt Disney company
comes out with a sequel to Zootopia
in which the central character
is a Jewish snake from Louisiana named
Gary
whose family invented Zootopia and had
their idea stolen by a bunch of
corporate fat cats.
This is why Gary Goldman
called Angus Fletcher and why Angus
Fletcher
called me.
And so,
Zootopia 2 is basically an allegory of
what Disney did [music] to Gary in
Zootopia 1, but it's an allegory that's
created by Disney. So, anyway, [music]
that was the point where my mind
imploded and I knew we had to call
Malcolm.
This is why I love Angus, because
whenever his mind implodes, he thinks of
me.
The movie's over.
Right. The Goldmans walk out.
Right. And what do you guys do? Do you
guys go to dinner and discuss What do
you do? How do you download all this
information?
Well,
Malcolm, it's I don't think we we we are
filled with questions and doubts. I
mean, we we're now in the twilight zone.
Disney has spent over $300
producing and marketing this movie.
Yeah.
And it it seems to me that it's about me
and this lawsuit. Yeah. It really seems.
And we're trying to figure out how this
happened. Did whose idea was it?
Is the company behind this? Is it an
official statement of the company? Did
the writer who were carried over from
the last movie, did they have something
to do with this?
If you think that all this is paranoid
nonsense, [music]
then I suggest once again, you go to see
Zootopia for yourself. And there will
come a point, trust me, when the
insanity of the plot will become
impossible to ignore, and you will turn
to the little person next to you nursing
their popcorn, and you will cover their
ears and say out loud along with
everyone else in the crowded theater,
WTF.
Did they sneak it past
the Disney legal department? Does the
Disney legal department know about it?
If the If the legal If the Disney legal
department knows about it, why did they
approve it? If the Disney higher-ups
know about it, why did they approve it?
>> No way Disney legal department knew
about this, right Angus?
No way.
No, this is that Let's we can we can
remove that possibility. This sounds to
me So,
somehow
somehow the the this Gary the snake as a
the positive portrayal of Gary the snake
sneaks past the Disney legal and
corporate infrastructure. This is
unbelievable. This is We're now in the
We're now in a heist movie.
They sneak the idea out of Disney out of
Burbank. Yeah. Yeah.
Malcolm, why did the studio make a movie
that can be interpreted as reopening a
case that
that was settled. They won. Yeah. And
now they're going to talk about it
again. And to me, all this does what it
I mean, from a
a personal and legal point of view, it
invites speculation.
Were there clues in the original
litigation that might help us make sense
of what happened?
I checked with Debra Druze, Gary's
lawyer.
Are there copies in the public realm of
those depositions of all those Disney
guys? Do you have copies of them? I have
a couple of answers for you, and but one
of them is that
Disney was it was very um
scrupulous uh about obtaining a
protective order in which
pretty much anything that Disney said
was proprietary or confidential or um
this trade secret
would have to be filed under seal, so
not accessible to the public. So then I
thought, well, I'll just go to the top.
I emailed the CEO of Disney himself,
[music] the redoubtable Bob Iger.
Hi Bob. Happy New Year. I have become
obsessed with Zootopia 2 and the
question of whether the movie is an
encoded apology to Gary Goldman.
It's maybe my favorite Hollywood story
ever. And as you may know, Gary Goldman
is interpreting the film's hidden
message as an act of graciousness on
Disney's part.
>> [music]
>> Would you ever consider talking about
this for my podcast, even 5 minutes?
Even if you just want to say something
brief and funny?
I just saw it with my 4-year-old.
Anyway, I know this is a long shot, but
thought you might enjoy a little
distraction from your day. M.
He writes [music] back. First of all,
great to hear from you, and the picture
of you with a 4-year-old makes [music]
me smile. Kids are truly life changers
and blessings, aren't they?
Then he goes on.
Regarding Zootopia and Gary, I am sorry
[music] to tell you I cannot comment.
I should say, Bob Iger is an incredibly
kind and gracious man, and there is a
version of the story where he is the
hero, the greatest of all heroes, the
kind who could never publicly
acknowledge their courageous act.
There's also a version
where he was the victim of a crime
so perfect that he could never bring the
offender to justice.
We will get there. I promise.
Okay, would anyone else talk? I called
up Hollywood big shots, [music] moguls.
No one would go on the record. Don't use
this or you can use this but don't use
my name. Like this guy.
I'm not sure why they did it, to be
honest with you. Yeah. Um because like
that's so on the nose
and it's such a bleep you, if you pardon
my French. I mean, I didn't know they
were that bold, to be honest with you.
I kind of laugh about it. I think it's I
think it's funny. It's funny. It's
funny. But it's hysterical, but here's
the truth. You rarely poke talent in the
eye. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, I I
don't know how the lawsuit ended, but I
would guess there's still a little
bitterness cuz people don't lose well,
right?
So,
I I just find it wildly bizarre. It's
too good.
It's too good.
I kept going, mogul upon mogul.
Hi, Redacted. I'm doing a very strange
and hilarious story about Disney and
Zootopia 2 and wanted to talk to you
about it. The mogul writes back.
Nice to connect. I would talk to you
about anything except Disney.
I respond, I totally understand,
Redacted, but I appreciate you getting
back to me. I suspect that you will at
least be amused by what we end up doing.
It's a story about how the script for
Zootopia 2
never should have gotten past Disney
legal.
Mogul writes back.
Not surprised. Good luck.
On the matter of Gary the snake and
Zootopia 2, there is nothing but silence
from the powers that be.
We have been left to our own devices.
And there is nothing in the world more
exciting on a story as strange as this
than being left [music] to our own
devices.
Next week on Revisionist History, part
two,
we venture a bold theory about what
exactly happened behind the closed doors
of the Walt Disney Corporation.
Revisionist History is produced by Nina
Bird [music] Lawrence, Lucy Sullivan,
and Ben Naddaff Hadfrey.
Our editor is Karen Shakerji. Fact
checking by Sam Russek. Our executive
producer is Jacob Smith. Engineering by
Nina Bird Lawrence. Original music by
Louis Guerra.
>> [music]
>> Sound design and mastering by Marcelo de
Oliveira.
I'm Malcolm Gladwell.